README.md, before:

# Probabilistic Forecasting with Generative Networks via Scoring Rule Minimization
 
We provide here code to run forecast experiments on: 

- y coordinate of 3-dimensional Lorenz63 model.
- 8-dimensional x variables for the Lorenz96 model integrated using the parametrized model.
- WeatherBench; we use the Z500 variable at the coarsest resolution (32x64). See [here](https://github.com/pangeo-data/WeatherBench) for Download instructions


# Scripts
We have 5 Python scripts: 

- `generate_data.py` needs to be run to generate datasets for Lorenz63 and Lorenz96
- `train_nn.py` trains the generative networks with the different methods
- `predict_test_plot.py` computes performance metrics and creates plots
- `predict_test_plot_comparison.py` creates comparison plots between three selected methods, for Lorenz63 and Lorenz96
- `plot_weatherbench.py` creates the plots for WeatherBench data

Additionally, we provide 3 `bash` scripts which show how to run experiments on the three models. 

- `run_lorenz63.sh` runs some experiments on the Lorenz63 model and allows to reproduce Figure 2a in the paper
- `run_lorenz96.sh` runs some experiments on the Lorenz96 model and allows to reproduce Figure 2b in the paper
- `run_WeatherBench.sh` runs some experiments on the WeatherBench model. To use this, the data needs to be downloaded as mentioned above. Also, these experiments require a GPU to run.

# Dependencies
## Pip 

The dependencies can be installed with ```pip install -r requirements.txt```. 
However that is not enough to use the plotting features for WeatherBench (using the library `cartopy`). for that need to use Conda, see below.

## Conda

```
conda create --name <env-name>
conda install --file requirements_conda.txt
```

but also need to install two other packages from pip: 

```pip install torchtyping typeguard einops```
 
If you want to use GPU, Pytorch has to be installed with the following, instead of the above  
```conda install pytorch cudatoolkit=10.2 -c pytorch```

Commit message:

Add pdf with additional Weatherbench results

README.md, after:

# Probabilistic Forecasting with Generative Networks via Scoring Rule Minimization

We provide here code to run forecast experiments on: 

- y coordinate of 3-dimensional Lorenz63 model.

- 8-dimensional x variables for the Lorenz96 model integrated using the parametrized model.

- WeatherBench; we use the Z500 variable at the coarsest resolution (32x64). See [here](https://github.com/pangeo-data/WeatherBench) for Download instructions

  Additionally, the file `additional_results.pdf` contains additional figures for the Weatherbench dataset.


# Scripts
We have 5 Python scripts: 

- `generate_data.py` needs to be run to generate datasets for Lorenz63 and Lorenz96
- `train_nn.py` trains the generative networks with the different methods
- `predict_test_plot.py` computes performance metrics and creates plots
- `predict_test_plot_comparison.py` creates comparison plots between three selected methods, for Lorenz63 and Lorenz96
- `plot_weatherbench.py` creates the plots for WeatherBench data

Additionally, we provide 3 `bash` scripts which show how to run experiments on the three models. 

- `run_lorenz63.sh` runs some experiments on the Lorenz63 model and allows to reproduce Figure 2a in the paper
- `run_lorenz96.sh` runs some experiments on the Lorenz96 model and allows to reproduce Figure 2b in the paper
- `run_WeatherBench.sh` runs some experiments on the WeatherBench model. To use this, the data needs to be downloaded as mentioned above. Also, these experiments require a GPU to run.

# Dependencies
## Pip 

The dependencies can be installed with ```pip install -r requirements.txt```. 
However that is not enough to use the plotting features for WeatherBench (using the library `cartopy`). for that need to use Conda, see below.

## Conda

```
conda create --name <env-name>
conda install --file requirements_conda.txt
```

but also need to install two other packages from pip: 

```pip install torchtyping typeguard einops```

If you want to use GPU, Pytorch has to be installed with the following, instead of the above  
```conda install pytorch cudatoolkit=10.2 -c pytorch```
